Prepare Getting Started with HtmlEditor (#2231)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/HtmlEditor/00 Getting Started with HtmlEditor/06 Add Mentions.md

> HtmlEditor supports [mentions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/mentions/) that allow users to reference oters within text or conversation threads. This functionality is not used in this tutorial. To learn more about it, refer to the [demo](/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/HtmlEditor/Mentions/Vue/Light/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Mentions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/mentions/) allow users to reference others within text or conversation threads. This functionality is not used in this tutorial. To learn more about it, refer to the following demo: [Mentions](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/HtmlEditor/Mentions/).
```
